Update the policy `governance-policy-propagator` to make sure it can start (#417)
open-cluster-management-io/open-cluster-management-io.github.io: content/en/getting-started/integration/policy-framework.md

   # Deploy the policy-propagator
   kubectl apply -f ${GIT_PATH}/operator.yaml -n ${HUB_NAMESPACE}

   # Choose either of the following two options to ensure the policy-propagator runs properly

   # Optional 1: Enable the webhook
   kubectl apply -f https://github.com/cert-manager/cert-manager/releases/download/v1.12.0/cert-manager.yaml

>    kubectl apply -f ${GIT_PATH}/webhook.yaml -n ${HUB_NAMESPACE}

Reviewer: I realized that only supplying the namespace here probably isn't sufficient since the namespace is used in the Service and controller references throughout the manifest. I'm doing some testing on it, but I think this ought to work:
```shell
sed -E "s,open-cluster-management(.svc|/|$),${HUB_NAMESPACE}\1,g" deploy/webhook.yaml | kubectl apply -f -
```

> 
>    # Choose either of the following two options to ensure the policy-propagator runs properly
> 
>    # Optional 1: Enable the webhook
>    kubectl apply -f https://github.com/cert-manager/cert-manager/releases/download/v1.12.0/cert-manager.yaml
>    kubectl apply -f ${GIT_PATH}/webhook.yaml -n ${HUB_NAMESPACE}
> 
>    # Optional 2: Disable the webhook with `--enable-webhooks=false` argument
>    kubectl patch deployment governance-policy-propagator --type='json' -p='[{"op": "add", "path": "/spec/template/spec/containers/0/args/-", "value": "--enable-webhooks=false"}]' -n ${HUB_NAMESPACE}
>    kubectl patch deployment governance-policy-propagator --type='json' -p='[
>     {"op": "remove", "path": "/spec/template/spec/containers/0/volumeMounts/0"},
>     {"op": "remove", "path": "/spec/template/spec/volumes/0"} 
>     ]' -n ${HUB_NAMESPACE}
>    ```
> 
> 2. Ensure the pods are running on the hub with the following command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion

2. The policy propagator manages a webhook that requires a certificate. You can either disable the webhook or deploy `cert-manager` alongside the webhook resources to ensure the policy propagator runs properly:

   - Optional 1: Enable the webhook
     ```shell
     kubectl apply -f https://github.com/cert-manager/cert-manager/releases/download/v1.12.0/cert-manager.yaml
     kubectl apply -f ${GIT_PATH}/webhook.yaml -n ${HUB_NAMESPACE}
     ```

   - Optional 2: Disable the webhook with the `--enable-webhooks=false` argument
     ```shell
     kubectl patch deployment governance-policy-propagator --type='json' -p='[
          {"op": "add", "path": "/spec/template/spec/containers/0/args/-", "value": "--enable-webhooks=false"}
        ]' -n ${HUB_NAMESPACE}
     kubectl patch deployment governance-policy-propagator --type='json' -p='[
          {"op": "remove", "path": "/spec/template/spec/containers/0/volumeMounts/0"},
          {"op": "remove", "path": "/spec/template/spec/volumes/0"} 
        ]' -n ${HUB_NAMESPACE}
     ```

3. Ensure the pods are running on the hub with the following command:
```
